what is going on guys Craig 1287 here
and here is tips and tricks episode 2
now have you ever been on siege of
Shanghai or any similar maps that have a
garage such as this one all right you're
in the tank and you're pursuing a whole
lot of infantry and you start to hear
that little lock on sound that signifies
your getting hit by laws now here you
can even visually see I'm getting hit by
laws active protection doesn't do much
but notice how when these things lock on
and fly up in the air to hit me up top
they're hitting the roof and exploding
early they don't hit you so if you're
getting shot by laws get into a tight
place in your vehicle and laws will not
have any effect on you in your tank very
handy and will keep you alive for long
alright tip number two if you are
playing as an engineer did you know that
you can now pick up enemy explosives
this is a this includes you know slams
you've got c4 which is what I'm picking
up here and of course things like land
mines so if you're an engineer and never
you see an enemy explosive just go on up
to it and hold your respective you know
input to pick it up you don't get points
for blown up but it's off the ground
alright next tip is another tank one
when you're in your tanks you approach
these parts where the little things are
raised up to not allow you to pass well
luckily if you're in a tank and you're
going up here just keep your speed going
and aim for that part right there and
just avoid it go around it and you're
good to go you don't have to be
vulnerable running low on ammo and you
find a samo supply pouch rather than box
make sure to stay on it and get all
three of the magazines are you
approaching a base that your plan to cap
and you notice there is a neutral
vehicle there that the enemy could
potentially spawn into as you're getting
onto the objective cap zone go ahead and
shoot the vehicle once maybe even twice
this way if the enemy spawns into it
from their spawn screen it'll already be
damaged making
easier for you to blow it up also keep
an eye on your mini-map because if that
white empty vehicle icon disappears off
your mini-map that means it's either
blown up or somebody has spawned into it
that way you are ready to take them out
final tip for this video use smoke
especially on things like rush where
there's a specific objective even in any
mode if you're just you know pinned down
by snipers or people with bipods and
LMGs block their view toss out some
smoke with smoke grenades if your
assault use your smoke grenade and
that's not the only class that is
capable of doing this if you are support
guess what you too can shoot out smoke
in addition to the smoke grenades that
you can throw of course you can also
resupply yourself support has the
potential to be an even better smoke
player using the xm25 the air burst
typically it can now be a smoke you've
got five shots per magazine and you've
got two full magazines shoot out some
smoke to one of the pieces of cover that
you plan to gets to toss out an ammo box
start to resupply yourself as you're
reloading your new smoke it's a pretty
good tactic to get out of snipers sites
hope you guys have enjoyed these tips
and tricks looking forward to episode 3
I hope you are have a good one guys Tata